# Agenda

* New space is here: https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA714/Islandora
* Membership - who is in the group?
   * Alex Kent, Megan O’Neill Kudzia <-- missing Skype IDs
   * Welcoming Lingling and Jaime to the group
   * Need to get Lingling a Duraspace account
* VM of new code for documentation testing/writing? - Kirsta contacted Nick about a new .ova with the next release candidate. Will circulate once I have it. Jamie and Becky are unavailable between now and the release. 
* New Spreadsheet for documentation management https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15ooWqaWhboOiwjsbnlv4D6Z5qWJKxmGdSLAhPPKY0MQ/edit#gid=0
   * If we agree to this approach, need to add our names
* Timelines for release - October 31 (Try to get editing done by Sunday, October 26th)
* Next Meeting time - Becky to send out Doodle poll for week Nov 10-14

# Action Item
* Kirsta to send follow-up message to group after this meeting and ask for missing SkypeIDs. Kirsta to add all Skype IDs to the terms document. Missing a Confluence ID for Megan O’ Neill? 
* Becky to send out Doodle poll for week Nov 10-14
* Melissa to send out documentation check-in email on October 29th
* Agenda items for the next meeting:
   * For the first after-release meeting, agenda items to include:
      * Systems-specific documentation
      * Hacking Islandora Core as a topic of documentation (Chapter 7)
      * Jaime is interested to participate in testing the Islandora installation documentation for the next iteration
      * Timeline for survey
      * request to developers. .... islandora package contains "xacml" policies that creates an odd flow for documentation and steps on the install. can the developers place the XACML policies in their own github repository? it may not be feasible before the 31st, but a going forward
      * Post documentation IG meeting notes on Github (needs accounts & permissions)
         * Or do we host our meeting minutes in Confluence?
         * related - set up public messages to Google Group about meeting times? Like preservation IG…
         * other interest group notes : https://github.com/Islandora?query=interest
