# Action Items from Last Meeting

* Sam to get Kelli access to Confluence, to clone the Confluence Space - add report from Documentation interest group to Roadmap
* Kirsta to create google doc with current TOC and share for others to suggest gaps - Done.
* Kelli/Kirsta to draft a call to the list soliciting documentation + send out short survey 
   * short survey 
   * are you a developer/implementor/administrator/collaborator/other/mix
   * how many staff are involved with islandora at your organization? 
   * how long have you been using Islandora?
   * how often do you use the documentation 
   * when do you use the documentation (install, upgrade, every-day questionsâ€¦) ; 
   * rate documentation ; what part(s) of the documentation to you find most problematic? ; what is the most successful part(s) of the documentation? ; what is the biggest problem with documentation? :) ; 
   * do you have existing documentation that you can share?; 
   * Did you know these resources existed? (Jira, GitHub, Islandora.ca, mailing lists)
   * What other comments do you have about documentation? > use Google Form https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1BDHEeT708Ufsvtf_U7whu5ts2HVr9qzH9hvUJpLoPOg/edit
   * Kirsta/Kelli to look at during OR and send draft to Sam and Gabriela
* Kirsta to put together agenda document for next meeting

# Agenda

* Review Agenda 
   * Review Meeting Process/Notes - Rotating chairs. Take notes in the document. 
* Community Ambassadors
   * helping to facilitate structure/set up maintenance of wiki to list individuals as community contacts (name, contact info, areas of expertise)
   * google form easier?
   * links on the website: under resources
   * Built a google spreadsheet  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpReTi4wE5u0hEZ2qK5qVOINzOYbcgefQ0VP0K1omaQ/edit?usp=sharing

* Discussion of another platform for documentation
   * https://readthedocs.org/?
   * Where does documentation live? Discussion about developer documentation versus user documentation. 
* Review Action Items
* Doc-a-thon?
   * best practices for writing documentation: 
      * http://docs.writethedocs.org/
      * http://www.kuali.org/ole
      * http://site.kuali.org/ole/1.0.0/reference/html/Index.html
      * https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/hydra/Hydra+Community+Framework 
   * Style guide:
      * be aware of colours used in the documentation (red/blue/etc) need to incorporate words + colours
* New Space: https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA7131 (adding all admin users)
* Schedule next meeting
   * September 10 @ 9-1pm slot: doc-a-thon
   * August 19 @ 2pm EST: initial meeting (sub committee- Robyn, Becky, Sam)
   * September 23rd @ 1pm EST: entire group meeting 
      * chair: Kirsta (create agenda)
      * notes: Sam

# Action Items

* Ernie, Kirsta, Kelli to review current documentation and edit it in the new space
* Robin, Becky, and Sam to do more conceptual thinking and research about audiences, channels, and structure. Create survey for the community at meeting for August 19 (ready for meeting on the 23rd)
* Kirsta to schedule and send out review next items
* Sam to promote and publicize the community form: Friday send out to lists https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TpReTi4wE5u0hEZ2qK5qVOINzOYbcgefQ0VP0K1omaQ/edit?usp=sharing

 

 
