# Agenda

Chair: Becky for Gabriela 
Notetaking: Melissa for Kirsta

Attending: Alex, Lingling, Becky, Melissa, Jaime

Regrets: Kelli, Robin, Ernie, Gabriela, Kirsta

* Approve last meeting minutes - Approved
* Responses from the Documentation Survey - to be discussed again at the next meeting
   * Should we create an FAQ on the group docs somewhere? (Kelli, Becky, Megan O’Neill Kudzia could help)
      * There is an existing listerv-specific FAQ on islandora.ca: http://islandora.ca/content/islandora-listserv-faq
      * Megan may have time to work on this over the winter break. Can we give her access to the survey docs so she can get started?
* Confirm everybody has access to new Github space
   * Transfer of documents to GitHub
* Review Roles Roster - Met with general agreement
   * Added task for scheduler to send an invite to the group once the meeting time is selected
   * If you cannot make the meeting, please seek a substitute as soon as you know you’ll be absent
* Release Documentation Process
   * To be discussed further at the next meeting - which is hopefully after the call for 7.x-1.5 Release team goes out
* Request to developers. .... islandora package contains "xacml" policies that creates an odd flow for documentation and steps on the install. can the developers place the XACML policies in their own github repository? it may not be feasible before the [Oct] 31st, but a going forward
   * Melissa will take this to the Committers group to evaluate how possible this is
* Systems-specific documentation
   * Ubuntu vs. CentOS vs Windows, etc?
   * Windows is officially unsupported as an Islandora environment
* Roadmap Committee feedback on Confluence wiki
* VM how-to guides - update status? - Was there someone working on this? Melissa or Lingling can update them if there isn’t something half-finished out there somewhere.
   * These are basic docs for setting up the islandora VM available from our website - simple point, click, run VirtualBox stuff.
   * OSX
   * Windows
* Hacking Islandora Core as a topic of documentation (Chapter 7)
   * Best advice is “DON’T HACK CORE” - but if you have to....
   * Work-arounds and customized Islandora instances don’t upgrade cleanly. 
   * Can we offer un-hacking help? Guidance for those who want to fix things enough to get back into regular releases.
      * Difficult to find a way to do this that is not site specific
      * To be discussed more in the next meeting!
* Very basic documentation for beginners
   * How about Sara Allain’s presentation as a model?
   * Jaime also has a good diagram of the stack that we can use for beginner docs
   * To be looked at further after the survey results are analyzed

# Next meeting

* Gabriela to put together agenda for next meeting - Confirmed
* Melissa to take notes in the next meeting - Confirmed
* Becky to schedule next meeting and send invites- Confirmed
* Kelli to chair next meeting - Confirmed
* Kirsta to post meeting notes to the Islandora Users Group
* Becky to post the scheduling link to the list - http://whenisgood.net/5py8x98 
* Everyone should review the survey results and draw their own conclusion, to be brought to the group to discuss
