# Agenda

Chair: Kelli
Notes: Sam 

Present: Kelli, Becky, Robin, Ernie, Sam
Regrets: Kirsta

* Report from Usability sub-committee
    * Notes from our meeting 
       * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1khlmsJ1qGrElVPmABlbf3_GH2kkkP4FJROzbTuWFeGg/edit 
    * style, audiences- fleshed out, how to report documentation errors
    * 4 personas - what they would need from documentation. Open for suggestions
       * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jAz8xJhUyuiPFee4HRV4LRXMbFpev3rEoAiGKENiz4U/edit 
    * challenges with reporting documentation errors; proposed → use JIRA to track issues and make changes. Process still needs to have IG vet.
    * Jira
       * https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VKqVmFV91cpovT4BxMQRTcCfKwcEnA3BFYiLIM2UPLc/edit 
       * highlight to community to use JIRA system for reporting
       * monthly meeting to review tickets in JIRA, rather than committers to review. Start implementing/make changes during calls (similar to committers)
       * how often will documentation changes be made → needs to be more frequent than around the release. Error fixing in between release and then covering new release items leading up to release. Looking towards making documentation changes once a month 
* Report from Documentation CPR sub-committee
    * survey: 
       * Suggestion: prep wiki, sent out with new release and then evaluate after release. Survey is ready. Send out Mid-November and review feedback in December.
    * Doc-a-thon: went really well. Need to go through at the end for style. Screen shots are a little different (some old, some new), will keep as is. Too laborious to replace all screenshots
       * ready for next 2 weeks, then final review before 
       * Ernie editor’s to do list: https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=61571311
       * lots still to do: https://docs.google.com/document/d/17Sg0yM0ltbBqXXycuoNFBVi6X5LnptppMWRkJBNCgNg/edit 
* Other comments:
    * Ernie: can we have someone from committers, dev-list, or camp to run through installation doc when ready?
* Next Meetings: 
    * Doc-a-thon: Fri. Oct. 3, 1-5pm 
    * Whole DIG meeting: doodle poll for week of Oct. 6th; or week of 20th. 
