# Documentation Interest Group Agenda - December 15th, 2015 3:00 ET

## Attending:

* Chair: Robin
* Notes: 

## 1) Approve minutes from last time

* [Minutes](https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/blob/master/meetings/2015/Meeting-Notes-2015-11-17.md)

## 2) Contribute Page
* Becky sent an email to the group with the updated DuraSpace wiki page, but separate changes were made to the [contribute page in the 7.x-1.6 version](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/Contribute) of the wiki, so the changes need to be merged.
* Becky feedback: "The draft page at https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=69833971 was more what we were shooting for since this page was supposed to be a landing page to direct folks to other parts of the documentation, including dev docs, instead of trying to repeat information. Would it be possible to switch over the draft to the new 1.6 release page?". https://groups.google.com/d/msg/islandora-docs/4e-6tQ9OgyY/N-jGL_0AEAAJ
* Update Contribute page for 1.7 documentation? Who can take this on?

## 3) Style Guide
* Revieiw the [Drupal style guide](https://www.drupal.org/drupalorg/style-guide) (in development) for Drupal-related questions.
* DIG will focus on making a 1-page "documentation tip sheet" that covers some common formatting questions.

## 4) Update Terms of Reference
* Review [draft updated terms of reference](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kGEH63ND2sqV5Ui5vIq3cWpRwVKx2undA0MhPdReKFY/edit)
* If approved, Robin will post updated terms to Github.

## 5) Documentation for Developers
* Does this work: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-docs/k3PSVnSMrpA 
* Dan to create categories? (see: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-docs/k3PSVnSMrpA)

## 6) Committers' Calls
* Need to appoint new DIG rep.

## 7) Next meeting
