# Documentation Interest Group Minutes - June 16, 2015 2:00 ET

## Attending:
* Becky Yoose (Chair)
* Robin Dean (Notes)
* Gabriela Mircea
* Michael Nason
* Bryan Brown
* Kelli Babcock
* Jaime Pinto

## 1) Approve last meeting minutes

Notes from last meeting:

https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-05-26
* Minutes approved

## 2) Installation documentation & configuration de-duplication
* There is information duplicated between the "Installation" section and the "Administration" sections
* Focus on the following sections:
  * [Administration](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Administration)
  * [Packages](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Packages)
  * [Enterprise Installation](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Enterprise)
* Timeline: The goal is to be done before work on the next release version of documentation starts (Sept 1 2015). Report on progress at July Docs IG meeting.
* Robin will make a spreadsheet for members to claim a section to work on.

## 3) Islandora conference
* Kelli and Bryan will represent the Docs IG at the Islandora Conference in August.

## 4) Supporting migrations & upgrades
* Jaime is currently testing his installation instructions with Fedora 3.8.0, which requires Java 8.
* The goal is to document how to change from older to newer versions of Fedora, Drupal, Islandora, and Tuque. Jaime will focus on recent versions of Fedora (3.6, 3.7, 3.8)
* Fedora 4 upgrade process and migration utilities will be well documented and supported by other groups, and isn't something that the Docs IG will have to cover in the short term (until at least 2016).
* Who regularly attends the committers' calls? (No one at the meeting does; usually Melissa keeps us informed.) Consensus was that it's most important to participate in committers' calls during Islandora releases to keep up with code changes that will result in documentation changes.

## 5) Contribute page - what can we do to improve it?
* Discussion at an [Open Repositories 2015 panel on open-source engagement](https://www.conftool.com/or2015/index.php?page=browseSessions&form_session=51) about how to help community members start participating in open source communities (such as Islandora.)
* Bryan shared his ideas for [improving the Contribute page](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/islandora-docs/4e-6tQ9OgyY) on the Google group.
* We should continue to segment this page into actions/tasks rather than audience, but make the headings "calls to action" (e.g., "Report a Bug" instead of "Bugs")
* Group agreed that it's time to start pointing people to the Community & Contribute sections of the wiki instead of the Islandora Foundation website pages, since more people can keep the wiki up to date.
* Discussion about the purpose/audience for Islandora.ca as opposed to the wiki. Islandora.ca is intended for prospective users of Islandora and members of the Islandora foundation, whereas the wiki is the home of up-to-date, community-contributed Islandora documentation.


## 6) Next Meeting, July 21, 2015, 2 PM ET

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TShQBPszHfjr5qUDUDT_jOhoGMcqj6isV1cyEbw3in0/edit?pli=1#gid=0

Chair: Lingling

Notes: Gabriela

### Agenda items for next meeting:
* Approve minutes from last time
* Accountability time: status of action items from last meeting (see list of "accountability items" below)
* Style guide: need to assign this to someone to make a draft, and make a deadline so there's a draft by Sept 1
* Documenting our processes & how we work as a group (would like to share with Hydra and other communities)
* Look at having permanent links to documentation (rather than a version for each release) > reason behind this: some links hard coded in Islandora (see https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1343 - discussed at 2015.07.10 Committer's Call)

### Accountability items
* Robin will post meeting minutes.
* Robin will make deduplication spreadsheet and send to group.
* Michael will contact Melissa to suggest how islandora.ca can help guide people to the wiki when the wiki is more current.
* Becky and Bryan will work together on the Contribute page.
* Lingling will make a table of what versions of Fedora were tested with what versions of Islandora for the upgrade/migration page.