Documentation Interest Group Minutes - March 17, 2015 2:00 ET

# Attendees
Chair: Melissa
Notes: Jaime

## Attending:
* Melissa Anez
* Kelli Babcock
* Robin Dean
* Lingling Jiang
* Kirsta Stapelfeldt
* Jaime Pinto

## Regrets:
* Alex Kent
* Ernie Gillis (stepping out of DIG for a while)
* Becky Yoose
* Gabriela Mircea
* Bryan Brown
* Sean Cavanaugh (not informed of the DIG meeting today)

## 1) Approve last meeting minutes 
* Notes from last meeting: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/February-17,-2015-(2-p.m.---3-p.m.-EST)
* motion: Melissa Anez
* 2nd: Robin Dean

## 2) Release timeline
* Release date for Islandora 7.x-1.5: Apr 30
* Release Documentation Deadline: Apr 21

## 3) Testing:
* unclaimed sections (tuque, JWplayer, etc) possibly to be taken by some of the developers.
* Robin will put out a last call to the list, then it will be the DIG's responsibility

## 4) Meeting responsibilities:
* updated: Robin will chair next meeting instead of Ernie
* https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TShQBPszHfjr5qUDUDT_jOhoGMcqj6isV1cyEbw3in0/edit?pli=1#gid=0

## 5) VM documentation and troubleshooting
* Reviewed Bryan's outline and left a comment about using VMs that already exist (Virtual Box) vs. making VMs (Vagrant)
* The documentation we used to have for getting started with the VMs/Virtual Box is out of date and probably won't be any help to Bryan.
* Try to get VM documentation ready for the release date (April 21)

## 6) Release Team documentation
* Remark: a lot of sections on the docs that need to be updated are not on the release spreadsheet
* Kirsta and Robin will update the documentation release tracking spreadsheet that we used in 7.x-1.4 and send it out to the DIG list by March 24 for the DIG to claim sections.

## 7) Location of the release documentation
* https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Start

## 8) Naming/terminology conventions (from Islandora list discussion)
* old “Islandora module” to be known as “Islandora Core module” (but github repo name won't change)
* Islandora Stack - Minimum Installation = everything you need to install at a minimum for anything in Islandora to work (including Collection Solution Pack)
* Islandora Starter Kit = just the basic solution packs that don't have dependencies (Basic Image & PDF)
* Islandora Enhanced Installation / Extended Functionality (??) = all other release solution packs and modules
 
## 9) Quick review of the last meeting action items.
* keep google docs for dynamic documentation (such as note taking and spreadsheets)
* minutes and agendas move to github once they are static
* committers call group has been notified of the current doc structure.
  
# Next meeting Apr 21

Chair/Agenda: Robin Dean

Note taking: Becky Yoose