Documentation Interest Group Minutes - April 21, 2015 2:00 ET

# Attendees

Chair: Robin Dean

Notes: Becky Yoose

## Attending:
* Robin Dean
* Becky Yoose
* Gabriela Mircea
* Kelli Babcock
* Jaime Pinto
* Melissa Anez
* Stacy Allison-Cassin
* Sean Cavanaugh
* Bryan Brown

## Regrets:
* Kirsta Stapelfeldt
* Lingling Jiang
* Kim Pham
* Alex Kent

## 1) Approve last meeting minutes

Notes from last meeting: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-03-17

Motion to approve without changes: Gabriela
Second: Melissa

## 2) Release documentation

* Release docs are here: https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Start
    - The Release docs are public but not advertized widely
    - New people can create their own account to edit the wiki documentation

* New deadline?
    - Not making the current deadline - need to commit to a new deadline.
    - Final - April 30th by noon (Committer's call at noon that day)
    - Spreadsheet full and green - April 24th
    - Update folks on spreadsheet about the new deadlines

* Documentation spreadsheet: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15ooWqaWhboOiwjsbnlv4D6Z5qWJKxmGdSLAhPPKY0MQ/edit?pli=1#gid=19059689
    - Anyone with the link can edit (with/without a Google account)
    - Are there any docs that still need to be written? Melissa thinks that things are covered for this release...
    - Deleted TODO column
    - Added FORMAT column

* Editing and Review columns: dividing up labor
    - Could copy over the list from 7.14 release, but different people and changes in volunteer time.
    - Sean volunteered to look at the installation docs
    - Will editing be mostly minor this round (compared to 7.14)?
    - Do we want to wait until Fedora 3.8? Jamie has some concerns about possible effects of 3.8 vs 3.7.
    - Unpublish Third Party Integrations pages for 7.15 (except Arcidora and Pydio - the ones that have working parts  )
    - Unpublish Bibliography - duplicate of bibliography on Islandora website
    - Tie in READMEs from Github in documentation (Read more links to Github repos, for example)
    - Send out call to help with the SOLR Search configuration
    - Git Workflow and Tips- keep as is or integrate it into another page or link to the Github docs?

* VM documentation?
    - Sean will look at this

* Style guide for documentation
    - Something for the group to look at after the 7.15 release

## 3) Next Meeting, Tuesday May 19th

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TShQBPszHfjr5qUDUDT_jOhoGMcqj6isV1cyEbw3in0/edit?pli=1#gid=0

Chair: ? for Jamie (will look for replacement, if no one else then Melissa can chair)
Notes: Lingling

Agenda items:
* Gathering feedback on documentation, including feedback system and workflow
* Documentation style guide
* Representative at Islandora Conference, August 3-7?
