# Agenda

Chair: Kelli 
Notetaking: Melissa

Attending: Jaime, Kelli, Gabriela, Becky, Lingling, Robin, Bryan, Ernie

Regrets: Kirsta, Alex

* Approve last meeting minutes
   * Approved
* Responses from the Documentation Survey
   * We will not send another survey in the near future - we have already gotten responses from those who are likely to complete it.
   * Need to target future feedback soliciting to individuals - make it clear how to comment on documentation, how to request improvements, etc.
   * Installation documentation is definitely still a pain point. How do we streamline it and make it easier for new users to adopt without
       * Dependencies make it difficult to make this universal - Fedora, GSearch, etc - these will be differ in different environments
       * Promote VM as an option for new users to try it out, instead of installing on a server (which may be too difficult as a starter)
       * Ernie suggests: what if main page of anything islandora (islandora.ca or documentation wiki landing page) becomes: "welcome to islandora! Download our virtual machine and start using and learning right now"
   * There may be a need for different levels of documents, for different user groups.
       * Is "Why use Islandora" a documentation issue or a marketing issue?
       * This is a gap in our docs right now
   * Who is the "end user" An Islandora GUI manager, content contributors, the public?

* Release Documentation Process
    * Shared the release spreadsheet
        * Many non-DIG people have signed up to document. We need to be careful not to step on their work with any restructuring of the docs.
        * DIG members took on a few more modules. Testing often goes with documenting - some questions about what kind of testing is expected.
           * Testing is generally "figure it out for yourself and do what you can." JIRA tickets for testing are also assigned to tested from the spreadsheet.
        * Need to create a list of goals for what we want to do with docs for next release:
            * reorganize docs, improve images, etc
* Request to developers - update from Melissa
     * This has been done. Here's the [JIRA ticket](https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-955)

* We need to determine what skills are needed to install/run/use islandora and put this out there for people.
    * Build a basic diagram of how the pieces work

* Robin suggests we look at what kind of requirements we should have for documentation from people who submit new modules to the IF. Is a readme enough?
   * We may suggest a change to the [LSAP](http://islandora.ca/developers/lsap) to require some basic & standard documentation

* **TODOS:** Melissa will make a new wiki sandbox for the DIG to play with. Jaime will start us off with his vision for how to organize, with Documentation areas: VMs, migration, general users, testing procedures
   * All: create list of action items from the survey. [Shared google document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rbU5YPj4-c_dYhiKAuo1pcC8feMQqxcm8i7XUeqf2hU/edit)

# Next meeting

* Deal with Re-org - then do release in subsequent meetings

*  Kelli to put together agenda for next meeting and notify listserv
*  Robin to take notes in the next meeting
*  Kirsta to chair next meeting
