Documentation Interest Group Minutes - May 26, 2015 2:00 ET

# Attendees

Chair: Robin Dean

Notes: Lingling Jiang

## Attending:

* Robin Dean
* Becky Yoose
* Gabriela Mircea
* Lingling Jiang
* Bryan Brown
* Jaime Pinto

## Regrets:

* Kirsta Stapelfeldt
* Kim Pham
* Alex Kent
* Kelli Babcock
* Sean Cavanaugh
* Melissa Anez


## 1) Approve last meeting minutes

Notes from last meeting: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-04-21


## 2) Agenda items:

* Discuss the process of writing/reviewing the latest version of the docs—how did it go? What worked? What can we improve next time?
  - Fewer feedback, should leave it for longer time
  - In release Google spreadsheet: clearly mark on sections which require rewritten
  - A new section about migration and upgrades - more than release notes page
  - More information about how to test the installation of modules or components

* Talk about duplication of information and how to divide documentation by audience in 7.x-1.5 docs
  - Separate out the things the Drupal users/web interface users can do into own section, link to them from installation documents. 
  - Maybe do one or two pages with 'troubleshooting' style to have the group take a look and discuss further

* General style/formatting guidelines for documentation
  - Make confluence wiki page consistent, e.g. the same footer for every page - there was a footer for the 7.14 wiki pages stating to email the IF community address if there are any issues with the documentation. See on how to get that footer reinstated on 7.15 docs.
  - Pick an existing one to adapt to our needs, e.g. https://www.drupal.org/style-guide/content
  - Probable plan of action: Documentation group works on the first draft version and send draft out to Islandora group for feedback

* Documenting test procedures in the github repos for each module, and possibly adding a section to the documentation wiki about releases and testing (this was raised on a committer’s call I attended)
  - A github repo to collect test materials/testing cases for each solution pack that the community can contribute. Before release time, release manager and core maintainers of each solution pack are invited to go through those testing materials/testing cases, clean up duplicates or add more testing cases for new functions etc.

## 3) Next Meeting, June 19, 2015

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TShQBPszHfjr5qUDUDT_jOhoGMcqj6isV1cyEbw3in0/edit?pli=1#gid=0

Chair: Becky

Notes: Robin

Agenda items for next meeting:
* What can we do in documentation to support migration and upgrade issues?