# Documentation Interest Group Minutes - November 17th, 2015 2:00 ET

## Attending:

* Chair: Kelli
* Notes: Robin

### 1) Approve minutes from last time: 
* https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-10-20


### 2) Accountability time!

* Becky & Bryan: Finalize contribute page - see Becky's Google post (Kelli took this on for 1.6 documentation)
* Gabriela: Draft style guide (by Sept 15)
* Robin: Make document to review Terms of reference 
* Robin: Update membership list in GitHub
* Phil: DevOps Update & Develop Set of Requirements for DevOps Documentation
* Kelli: send out a call for volunteers + convenors to the listserv & contact Robin to see if she is still interested in convening
* Lingling: review of QADan documentation for Drupal rules

### 3) Committers Calls - updates


### 4) Other topics
