# Documentation Interest Group Minutes - October 27, 2015 2:00 ET

## Attending:
* Chair: Kelli
* Notes: Melissa

### 1) Approve minutes from last time
https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-08-18

### 2) Accountability time!
1. Becky & Bryan: Finalize contribute page - Kelli to take this on, review notes, and update to match with [contributing.md](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/blob/7.x/CONTRIBUTING.md)
2. Gabriela: Draft style guide (by Sept 15) - still in progress
3. Robin: Make document to review Terms of reference - not present. leave for next meeting
4. Robin: Update membership list in GitHub - not present. leave for next meeting
5. Phil: DevOps Update & Develop Set of Requirements for DevOps Documentation - not present. leave for next meeting
6. Melissa: archive 1.5 documentation as of the code freeze & create the new Islandora-docs space for documentation edits
7. Kelli: Update 1.6 documentation tracking spreadsheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15ooWqaWhboOiwjsbnlv4D6Z5qWJKxmGdSLAhPPKY0MQ/edit?usp=sharing - do not have the manpower to complete this level of review for this release. Using the [Release Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PRv2Xo-sNE_sDJHUT5OvTXmNiSHnkdJgwo7VsFkIUgY/edit#gid=1041823630) to track work instead.

### 3) Committers Calls - updates from Kelli or Bryan
- [x] 1. README update (Kelli)
  - [x] ~~1.1 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1394~~ **(resolved)**
- [ ] 2. JIRA tickets
  - [x] ~~2.1 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1426~~ **(resolved)**
  - [ ] ~~2.2 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1489~~ **(resolved)**
  - [ ] ~~2.3 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1495~~ **(resolved)**
  - [x] ~~2.4 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1503~~ **(resolved)**

### 4) Other topics
* Kelli stepping down as Convenor and Kirsta on maternity leave. Call for Convenors?
   * Kelli to send out a call for convenors to the listserv next week & contact Robin to see if she is still interested.

* QADan wrote some documentation for [Drupal rules](https://gist.github.com/qadan/2d5b71890b58c6528104) and Islandora and would like the DIG to review
   * Lingling will review. The DIG agreed that QADan is THE BEST.

* Recruitment
   * Kelli to send out notice along with call for convenors