## Attendees
Chair: Kirsta 

Notes: Robin

Attending:

* Becky Yoose
* Jaime Pinto
* Kirsta Stapelfeldt
* Robin Dean
* Gabriela Mircea
* Lingling Jiang

Regrets:

* Alex Kent
* Ernie Gillis
* Kelli Babcock
* Melissa Anez

## Minutes

1. Approve last meeting minutes 
  * Notes from last meeting: https://github.com/Islandora/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/January-16,-2015
  * Notes approved
2. Discuss survey action items
  * Link to action items: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rbU5YPj4-c_dYhiKAuo1pcC8feMQqxcm8i7XUeqf2hU/edit?pli=1
  * We will see how many of the action items are taken care of by the re-organization. After that, the priority is to update the docs for the 7.x-1.5 release. Once 7.x-1.5 is done we can ook at what we have left to do from this list of action items.

3. Documentation re-org (Jaime)
  * Reorganized docs are here (requires DuraSpace login): https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/listpages-dirview.action?key=ISLANDORADIG
  * Expand the list of pages to see the new structure (Robin or Melissa will see if we can get the tree of pages on the left side of the wiki display working)
  * Jaime presented the re-org and explained that the idea was to structure the documentation from the broadest and simplest use cases (introduction to Islandora, using Islandora through an interface that is already set up and configured), to more complex use cases (site admins and configuration), to the most complex (installation, development, changing and contributing to modules).
  * Overall, those present liked the re-org, but recognized that we needed to get the opinions of the rest of the group by email. 
  * We discussed what to do with the Solution Pack sections. Users need to know basic information about file types and file preparation right away, but this information is currently part of the same page as dependencies, configuration, etc. We discussed duplicating the solution pack pages to move the overview and usage instructions for a solution pack that is already correctly installed and configured into the "Usage" section, and only talk about dependencies/configuration in later sections (breaking apart the current README format from GitHub).
  * There may be other pages that need to be split apart for different audiences. What to do about the virtual machine section? We would prefer to only refer users to the Islandora hosted sandbox, and to introduce the virtual machine for site admins and developers who need access to more functions.

3. Timeline for docs re-org and release documentation for 7.x-1.5
  * The group proposed that we use the current clone of the 7.x-1.4 documentation that Jaime used for the re-org as the basis for the 7.x-1.5 final documentation.
  * From Feb 17 - March 17, the DIG will work on cleaning up and finalizing the reorg.
    * How will we divide the cleanup work on the re-org? Can we use the existing release spreadsheet?
  * From March 17 - release date in April, the DIG will work on adding new sections for the release to the re-organized documentation.
  * Note that there are empty or placeholder sections that need review in the re-organized documentation. For example, the update/migration section. We should put in a few sentences or links to get people started on these pages, and then put a request for contributors at the bottom of "stub" pages.
  * Does this cover the "Wiki sandbox for DIG" item on the agenda? Ask Melissa.

4. Review Roster for Meeting Responsibilities (all)
  * Scheduling can be taken off the roster. We are meeting every 3rd Tuesday at 2:00 PM Eastern time.
  * Leaving the rest of the roster as it is for now.

5. Deleting the Google Docs
  * Agendas/minutes can be deleted from the Google docs now. Other documents (like the action items from the survey) should stay. Kirsta will email the DIG about it.

## Action items
* All: review reorganized docs and send feedback to the email list
* All: discuss by email how to divide up the cleanup work for the reorg
* Robin: see if I can fix the left-side tree in the wiki. If not, ask Melissa.
* Robin: post notes from this meeting
* Melissa: did we cover what we needed to about the wiki space?
* Kirsta: email DIG about Google Docs
* Kirsta: attend release meeting and present the re-organized docs to the developers
* Kirsta: make and send out agenda for next meeting

## Next meeting: March 17, 2:00 PM Eastern
* Not discussed at today's meeting: Release Documentation Process (all)
* Kirsta will prepare next meeting's agenda
* Melissa will chair, Jaime will take notes







