# Documentation Interest Group Minutes - August 18, 2015 2:00 ET

## Attending:
* Gabriela Mircea (Chair)
* Kelli Babcock (Notes)
* Andy Wagner
* Melissa Anez
* Lingling Jiang
* Becky Yoose
* Jaime Pinto
* Bryan Brown
* Phil Suda
 

## 1) Approve last meeting minutes

Notes from last meeting:
https://github.com/islandora-interest-groups/Islandora-Documentation-Interest-Group/wiki/Meeting-Notes-2015-07-21

* Lingling has finished the migration tables - https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=68063509
* Group reviewed and said this looks good.

## 2) Accountability time
  1. Robin: Post notes from last time - Robin posted the notes from last meeting (thank you!).

  2. Becky & Bryan: Finalize contribute page - this work is ongoing (Becky and Bryan are updating this page: https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA715/Contribute). Discussion of where to put documentation because Nick already has a github page detailing this type of information (http://islandora-labs.github.io/islandora/contributing/contributing/). Melissa advised there was a recent decision to add contributing.md for each Islandora Foundation release (https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1383). Decided to just update the wiki Contribute page for now. Andy advised that Git Wiki doesn't allow collaboration (DevOps group voted it down).

  3. Melissa: Islandora.ca cleanup and Google Analytics - Islandora.ca cleanup is done. Google Analytics has been running and Melissa has stats. Somewhere around 10,000 page views a month. We can dig into the analytics a bit more if we want to.

  4. Gabriela: Draft style guide (by Sept 15) - slow progress but Gabriela will probably be ready by September 15th. She will share when it is ready. 

  5. Robin: Make document to review Terms of reference - deferred to next meeting when Robin can join us. 
  6. Robin: Update membership list in GitHub - deferred to next meeting when Robin can join us. 


## 3) Discuss how we will assign and review JIRA tickets. A monthly review may not be enough.
* This is part of the Committer's Calls
* Right now the tickets will get assigned to documenters who signed up to document the module in the next release by the Committer's Calls. Some of these people are not a part of the Documentation Group
* Lingling suggested that we use the spreadsheet that we used in the last release to track documentation and the release team person will do the documentation and we will review
* Outside release times, tell Committer's Calls to assign documentation tickets to Kelli and we will review at monthly meetings. Kelli will update documentation tracking spreadsheet for 1.6.


## 4) Discuss feedback from Islandora Conference.
* DevOps meeting talked a lot about the docs. Phil will attend both DevOps and Documentation meetings. 
* Concerns about the move to Fedora 4 - Lingling installed the vm and had no idea where to start (Melissa advised this is the only documentation that exists right now: http://islandora-labs.github.io/islandora/)
* Kelli notes: https://groups.google.com/d/msg/islandora-docs/JAhZrbcRhN8/OvrylUN_AAAJ / https://groups.google.com/d/msg/islandora-docs/JAhZrbcRhN8/1cFBoOsYDQAJ
* If you're subscribed to watch the page in Confluence then you will get a notification
* Tutorials section for Islandora to help with introductory user documentation, i.e. metadata etc.?

## 5) Where to put documentation?
* For 7.x-1.6 release, ensure that Git for each repo at least points to the documentation so that there is a link between Git and the Confluence documentation
* There's versioning on all of the modules (ever since Community took over releases) - have to change the branch to see past releases (head is default)
* Melissa put on this week's Committers Call agenda to ensure that updating the README in Git will include linking to the documentation
* Reminder about how we will do next release documentation: Melissa will copy the documentation, archive, and then we will begin to work in permanent links for the documentation for this next release.
* Melissa will archive 1.5 documentation as of the code freeze and Melissa will create the new Islandora-docs space

## 6) Other topics
* No other topics :)
      
## 7) Next Meeting

* Tuesday, September 15 at 2 p.m. EST
* Chair: Gabriela
* Notes: Melissa
* Roles: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1TShQBPszHfjr5qUDUDT_jOhoGMcqj6isV1cyEbw3in0/edit?pli=1#gid=0


## Agenda items for next meeting:
### 1) Approve minutes from last time

### 2) Accountability time!
1. Becky & Bryan: Finalize contribute page
2. Gabriela: Draft style guide (by Sept 15)
3. Robin: Make document to review Terms of reference
4. Robin: Update membership list in GitHub
5. Phil: DevOps Update & Develop Set of Requirements for DevOps Documentation
6. Melissa: archive 1.5 documentation as of the code freeze & create the new Islandora-docs space for documentation edits
7. Kelli: Update 1.6 documentation tracking spreadsheet - https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15ooWqaWhboOiwjsbnlv4D6Z5qWJKxmGdSLAhPPKY0MQ/edit?usp=sharing

### 3) Committers Calls - updates from Kelli or Bryan
1. README update (Kelli)
1.1 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1394
2. JIRA tickets
2.1 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1288 
2.2 https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ISLANDORA-1426

### 4) Other topics
* Kelli stepping down as Convenor and Kirsta on maternity leave. Call for Convenors?


